♪♪
Eighty years ago,
on a stormy Halloween night,
a lonely girl
named Eliza Crane
was playing on the roof
of our apartment building,
when she was struck
by lightning!
Now, every Halloween
her spirit returns,
haunting all who live there.
(laughing)
That is the fakest ghost story
I've ever heard!
The only thing your building's
haunted by is your farts.
That's just crass.
Look, Travis,
you don't know everything
about ghosts.
Yes, I do.
My dad's a ghost hunter.
He hunts ghosts.
No, your dad's a dentist.
He hunts cavities.
Students:
Whoaaaaaa...
Oh, come on, don't listen
to him.
Booker's just making up
a ridiculous story
to get attention.
Students:
Oooooh.
No, I-- I'm serious,
it's true.
I got it
from a very reliable source.
You know what,
if you don't believe me,
why don't you come over
and check it out yourself?
Unless you're too scared.
Ooooooh--
We're not--
We're not doin' that no more?
Fine!
Maybe I will, Booker.
And I'll bring some
of my dad's ghost hunting
equipment, heh!
Hope you're ready
to look like a fool.
-Tss!
-I was born ready!
Wait! You told Travis
you were born ready
to look like a fool?
Well-- Well, it didn't
sound like that
when I said it.
Yes, it did.
Well, when Travis sees
that the ghost girl
you told me about
is real, he's gonna
look like an idiot.
Someone's gonna,
'cause I made that up.
What?
Why would you mess
with us like that?
It's how I show love.
When I stop messing with you,
that's when you should worry.
♪ Ohhhh ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
-♪ Yo ♪
♪ Let me tell you somethin' ♪
♪ Had my vision
all worked out ♪
♪ But then life
had other plans ♪
♪ Tell 'em, Rae ♪
♪ It's crazy when things
turn upside down ♪
♪ But ya gotta get up
and take that chance ♪
-♪ Maybe I'm
just finding my way ♪
-♪ Learning how to fly ♪
-♪ Yeah, we're gonna be okay ♪
-♪ Ya know I got you, right? ♪
♪ It might be wild, but ya
know that we make it work ♪
♪ We're just kids
caught up in a crazy world ♪
-♪ C'mon! ♪
-♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
-♪ We get loud! ♪
♪ It's our crowd! ♪
♪ Might be tough,
but together
we make it look good ♪
♪ Down for each other
like family should ♪
♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
♪ When it's tough ♪
-♪ We got love ♪
-♪ 'Cos no matter the weather,
ya know we gon' shine ♪
♪ There for each other,
ya know it's our time ♪
(Raven laughing)
Yep! That's us.
(laughing)
Tess!
This is bad!
Travis is coming over
because I said there's a ghost
in our building.
But there's no ghost!
You have to help me!
I wish I could, B,
but I'm hangin'
with Nia tonight.
Poor girl has chicken pox
on Halloween.
There's nothing worse
than that.
Hah-- Well, except
for your thing.
Great. Travis is never
gonna let me live this down.
He's gonna have the whole school
laughin' at me.
Yeah.
Maybe we should start
walkin' to school separately.
(gasps) Ghost!
Stay away from me!
Help!
That was weird.
I just saw Travis getting scared
by a ghost.
But our building
isn't really haunted.
Well, it is Halloween.
Maybe he saw someone
dressed up like a ghost.
That's it!
One of us can dress up
like the ghost girl
and scare Travis!
Which one of us?
We'll figure it out.
You.
Happy Halloween!
(pirate voice) Argh!
Where be your candy?
Are you gonna talk like that
all night?
(pirate voice)
I was thinkin' about it,
but then I realized
(normal voice) my throat
hurt so bad.
(clears throat)
Why aren't you guys
dressed up?
It's Halloween, it's time
to go trick-or-treating!
-Yeah!
-Sorry. We can't go.
What? Honey, it's our
first Halloween
since we moved in together.
Yeah, but we already have plans.
No, no,
you don't have plans.
You have an idea.
It's not a plan
till you ask me.
But Mom, we have this jerky kid
from school comin' over
so we can trick him
into thinking our building
is haunted.
A Halloween prank?
I love Halloween pranks!
(Raven and Chelsea screaming)
Okay, who we are prankin'
and how are gettin' him?
-Mom.
-Hm?
I'm in sixth grade now.
I'm practically a man.
And a man pulls
his own pranks.
Come on, Levi, let's go
put you in a dress.
Levi in a dress?
That's a good prank.
Yeah. Cute.
Bye, Mom.
Great badger costume,
by the way.
Can you believe
Levi thought I was a badger?
I mean, come on,
I'm a sloth.
Isn't a sloth
just a slow badger?
Yes.
Ugh...
-Hey, it's me.
-No! No, you can't
come in here!
You're gonna catch
my chicken pox!
Chill, I already had 'em
when I was five and nine
and ten.
You can only get them once.
Really?
Then what'd I have
the other two times?
Apparently,
an unidentified rash.
I can't believe
it's Halloween and I'm stuck
in here wearing socks
on my hands
so I don't scratch.
Hey, it's cool.
I'll stay and not scratch
with you.
You know, of course
I don't itch, so it'll
be easier for me.
No, no, you can't
miss Halloween.
It's the best!
You don't wanna be stuck
in here with Dr. Pox-N-Socks.
No.
Wouldn't be any fun
without my girl
to go trick-or-treating with.
Thanks, Tess.
I'm gonna go take
an oatmeal bath.
It's supposed to help
with the itching.
Take some brown sugar.
Does that help
with the itching?
Nah, but it'll help
your bath taste better!
Come on, Levi!
Nobody's even up here,
just come out!
Are you sure it's lightning
that killed Eliza Crane,
or she just die
from looking ridiculous?
Come on.
You hide in there,
and when I say,
"Eliza Crane,
show yourself,"
you jump out,
and this'll happen.
(thunder cracks)
Pretty cool, huh?
Whatever,
let's just get this over with
before my curls drop.
(chuckling)
Aw, man,
my gumdrops melted.
(creaking sound)
What was that?
Aah!
All right, Chels,
I gave Nia all the oatmeal
we had for her bath.
I hope that's enough.
Oh, I think we still
have some grits in the pantry.
It's an anti-itch bath, Chels.
Not a gospel brunch.
(doorbell rings)
Ooh, it's our first
trick-or-treaters
of the night!
(laughs)
Remember, Chels, start
with the candy we don't want.
Raven/Chelsea:
Happy Halloween!
My dad's a dentist,
and he says sugar is bad
for your teeth.
And for the record,
sloths don't have enough
muscle strength
to stand on two legs.
Oh, I think the words
you're looking for, honey,
are "trick-or-treat"
and "thank you."
Why, hello, Travis.
Booker.
Ohhh...
this is the kid
you don't like
but you're still
hangin' out with.
Booker/Travis:
Yep.
I don't like that kid.
Rae... he's your son.
Booker, my dad and I
have a list of every
haunted building in Chicago,
and this isn't one of 'em.
Sshh!
You need to be extremely quiet.
-Why?
-Because I hate
the sound of your voice.
(gasps)
Did you feel that?
I think a spirit is nearby.
Eliza Crane,
show yourself!
(thunder cracks)
Eliza?
Where's your ghost, Booker?
Just one second.
Eliza?
(laughs)
Levi!
Levi?
Um, why are you askin'
for Levi?
I thought we were waitin'
on the ghost girl.
Admit it, Booker,
you made this whole thing up.
No, I didn't, Tess did.
Ha!
Ha ha ha!
I knew this was a fake story.
Wait, were you guys
gonna pull some sort
of trick on me?
Yeah, but only
because you are the worst.
Levi:
Booker!
Help me!
Levi!
Levi, where--
Where are you?
Levi: I don't know.
It's really dark in here.
Did you hear that?
Whoa,
my spectrometer
is going nuts.
(beeping noise)
Wh-- What's that?
Ew, it looks like
alien snot.
There's no such thing
as aliens.
This is ectoplasmic
portal goo.
I'm glad it's not alien snot.
Levi:
Hurry up, I'm scared.
Booker,
I-- I think a dimensional
doorway opened.
Levi must be trapped
in the spirit realm.
Is that possible?
Levi:
Help!
Don't worry, Levi.
We'll get you back!
And if you see
my dead goldfish,
tell him I'm sorry.
I was just tryin'
to pet him.
So!
You like it?
This is amazing!
-You did this?
-Yeah.
I figured since you couldn't
go to Halloween,
I'd bring Halloween to you!
And girl, lemme tell you,
Halloween is heavier
than it looks!
Where did you
get all of this stuff?
The less you know
about how it went down,
the better.
This is crazy.
It's like I'm outside
but inside.
Oh, this is nothin'.
This is just phase one.
Get your costume on.
I've been sick all week.
I never got one.
Why are you
looking at me like that?
I think I have an idea.
It's scary
that your idea face
and your crazy face
are the same face.
What are you doing?
Do you trust me?
Doesn't matter.
This is gonna be cool.
Mom, I'm so glad
you're here.
I need your help.
Levi's missing!
-Levi's missing?
-Yeah, we were on the roof
trying to scare Travis,
and I accidentally sent Levi
to an alternate dimension!
We're kinda freaked out
about it.
Levi's missing--
(playing along)
Lev-- Levi-- Le--
Levi's missing!
(gasps)
Oh, Levi's missing!
(whispering)
Why are you saying it
like that?
Because I'm gonna help you.
(high-pitched voice)
Aaaaaaah...
According to my dad's
Anthology of the Paranormal,
if we're gonna
get Levi back,
we need to contact him
in the spirit realm.
(exaggerated gasp)
The spirit realm!
Ooh, I need to get
my spirit scarf
for that! Aaah!
Levi, we mortals
from the earthly plane
invite you back
to our realm!
Travis?
That's not how you do it.
You have to chant
to the ancestors.
Watch.
(clears throat)
Hey en en en en
ah maya.
Hum na na naya me-yah.
Hi en en na mah yeah.
(chanting noises)
Oh!
-Mom?
-Huh!
-Mom, are you okay?
-Sshh!
I ain't your mama!
I'm a spirit
from the spirit realm.
Have you seen Levi?
Levi?
Is he-- Is he
about four feet tall,
brown hair...
dressed like a girl?
-Yeah, yeah, that's him--
-I've never seen him!
Levi:
Can anyone hear me?
Whoa, what was that?
It's Levi.
You for real?
Levi:
Um, guys?
Levi, where are you?
I don't know.
I'm in this weird place.
It's dark and creepy.
I knew it.
He's in the spirit realm!
Levi, what do you see?
-Levi: Nothing.
-That's good.
We're okay as long
as he doesn't see the light.
Levi:
I see a light!
Travis/Booker:
Nooooo!
Levi:
I'm going toward it!
Levi, not the light!
Stay away from the light!
Levi:
I think there's somethin'
in here with me.
It looks mean,
get me outta here!
Levi, stay exactly
where you are,
okay, sweetheart?
You, take me to the last place
that you saw him,
and you, stay here
in case he comes back.
-Come on.
-(gasps)
Is that alien snot?
That's what I said!
-Mom, we gotta focus. Okay?
-We're focusing!
Watch out, watch out!
What is this?
(gasps)
Ooh, it looks like
a maintenance door.
I bet he went down there!
Levi? Levi!
Okay, listen, I'm gonna
go down.
-If anything happens--
-Don't worry.
I'll raise Nia
as if she was my own.
No!
If anything happens,
call for help!
Oh, good.
'Cause that girl
does not take me seriously
as an authority figure.
Uuhh!
Oh... ooh...
Oh...
-Hey, Mom.
-Aaah!
What are you doing?
Got scared up there.
I thought it'd be
less scary down here.
(whispers)
I was wrong.
Are we in another
dimension?
No, sweetheart,
we're just in the walls
of our jinky old building.
Booker?
Auntie Rae!
Raven/Booker:
Levi!
I'm so glad
we found you, buddy.
I'm just happy you're safe.
Oooh, look at you,
you look pretty.
Okay, we need to find a way
to get outta here.
Be careful, Auntie Rae.
I think there's a monster
in here.
Well, don't worry,
sweetheart, I'll protect you
from the monsters.
Just stay close.
Oh-- Okay, all right.
Okay, you gonna be that close?
All right, come on.
(growling noise)
There!
So... what do you think?
Oh my gosh, Tess, I love it!
Yeah!
When I started connecting
your chicken pox,
it was either gonna be
a skull face or a map
of Florida.
I'm really glad
it went this way.
-Time for phase two!
-Okay.
Here's your
trick-or-treat bag!
Well, there's a pillow in it.
What, do I have
to do everything?
Shake the pillow out!
(eerie music playing)
Give me a minute
and then knock.
(knocking)
(laughing)
Tess! What are you doing?
I'm not Tess.
I'm a cranky old lady.
Now what do you say?
Uh, trick or treat, I guess?
Aren't you a little old
to be trick-or-treating?
-Wait, what?
-(door shutting)
(knocking)
Um...
trick or treat?
Well, aren't you
an adorable little skull face.
Here's three pennies
and a toothbrush.
What's happening?
I'm giving you
the full Halloween experience.
Oh-- Knock again.
(knocking)
Trick or treat!
Tess!
(knocking)
(laughs)
Didn't you see
my light was off?
I'm not doing Halloween
this year.
Now get off my lawn
before I turn my hose
on ya!
-But you said--
-I said get!
-(Tess laughing)
-(Nia screaming)
Now you gotta trick me.
It's okay,
I totally deserve it.
Travis?
What are you doin' here,
where is everybody?
Levi disappeared
into an alternate dimension
and then Booker and Mrs. Baxter
went to go find him,
but they never came back
because the building's haunted!
Haunted?
Oh. (laughs)
No no no, Travis,
honey, listen.
I think the boys are playin'
a little prank on ya.
This isn't a prank.
Those guys are not smart enough
to prank me.
Wow.
Sounds like somebody needs
to work on their manners.
You wanna talk
about manners?
I have been here
for over an hour,
and no one's even
offered me a beverage.
Gosh, I'm sorry,
can I get you something
to drink?
How could I be thirsty
at a time like this?
All right, listen,
we're gonna find Rae
and the kids real quick,
before I say somethin'
I'm gonna regret.
Okay, but can you go first?
You're old, I have a future.
Wow!
You really are the worst.
Ooh, this is fun, right?
Ooh, we're ghosts in the walls
of the apartment building.
We should find
our next door neighbors
and say, (ghost voice)
"Stop stealing
Raven's WiFi."
(laughs)
It's a monster!
(growling noise)
(screams)
I think we lost him.
(creaking noises)
Did you hear that?
-(floor collapsing)
-(all screaming)
(hitting floor)
-Aah!
-Oh! Are you guys okay?
-Yeah!
-I'm good!
-(creaking noises)
-Oh, no...
-(floor collapsing)
-(all screaming)
(hitting floor)
Aah!
Nobody move!
-(creaking noises)
-Seriously?
-(all screaming)
-(hitting floor)
(panting)
Three floors?
Are you kidding me?
I'd sue, but I'm behind
on my rent.
Whoa.
What is this place?
It's the laundry room.
You would know that if you
washed your own drawers.
Ew, Mom, I don't wanna
touch those things.
Nia?
Hey, Nia, stop scratching
and knock on the door.
You're not mad, are you?
Come on.
I was just messing around.
Let's just play again.
I'll be a nice neighbor,
I promise.
(screams)
(screaming)
(laughs)
Gotcha.
That's what you get
for coming between a girl...
and her candy.
You scared me so bad!
Thanks for doing this
for me, Tess.
It almost makes me glad
I got chicken pox.
(giggling)
No doubt.
You're my girl.
I couldn't leave
you hanging.
You want some candy?
Of course!
Where'd you get all this?
You've been with me
all night.
I got a secret stash.
This bag says "Booker"
on it.
I didn't say
it was my secret stash.
(giggles)
Lady, you're wasting
your time.
Your kid's not here.
-He's crossed over.
-I know! I know!
To another dimension!
Listen, kid.
They're not in the apartment,
they're not on the rooftop,
so this is the only other place
they could be.
Phhuh.
(gasps)
Ghosts!
Stay away from me!
Help!
I don't want you hangin' out
with that kid anymore.
-Mom!
-What happened to you guys?
Aunt Chelsea, it was crazy.
-Levi got trapped
in the walls--
-What?
-And we fell through the floor!
-And a monster chased us.
A monster?
Rae, come on.
Chels, I'm serious.
I wouldn't have believed it
if I didn't see it
with my own eyes.
-(growling)
-(screaming)
Ohh! Oh, no!
(screaming)
Oouhh, come here!
Rae, stop!
It's not a monster,
it's just an opossum.
(squeaking)
Chelsea:
Look how cute it is.
Oh. Oh, it likes my costume.
Yeah? Yeah, thinks
I'm its mummy?
Yeah, you think I'm your mummy?
(hissing)
Nope. No.
No, opossums are mean.
Opossums are mean!
(all yelling)
Well, it wasn't
what I expected,
but I have to admit,
it's a pretty good
first Halloween together.
Yeah.
I'm just glad you're
out of that wall.
I'm just glad
I'm out of that dress.
What, it was worth it.
We totally owned Travis.
My plan worked perfectly.
Yeah, it really didn't.
(thunder cracks)